Hello. I am MVP Jae Yong Kum from South Korea.
I have been active as a .NET developer MVP since 2012.
MVPs from South Korea, China, and Japan participated in the three-way campaign
to improve the translation quality of Microsoft sites,
and South Korea won in both the team and individual areas.
Winning is great, but I think above all that we were fortunate to have been able to make a contribution, albeit small, to improving the translation quality of
MS Docs documentation, in which all South Korean developers participated.
Since before I became active as an MVP, every time I accessed a Microsoft product, there either was no Korean-language version available
or I would often think that the quality of the Korean-language translation was a little disappointing.
Docs documentation in particular was at the level of machine translation,
and there were many parts that I could not understand when I tried to read them. However, with the opportunity of the recent event, MVPs and many other people came together
to create better quality documentation ourselves rather than complaining to Microsoft. We were able to increase the quality level of the Korean-language translation
and I hope that were able to raise the level of satisfaction and pride as well.
It was amazing to have my translations reflected in Docs documentation and a photo of me
posted as a Docs contributor. I even bragged about it to my wife and children because I was so proud.
Open source is becoming a focus of IT conversations, and everyone can participate in their areas of interest with tools such as GitHub becoming available, and it is truly fortunate that Microsoft is listening to a variety of voices.
Although an MSDN subscription and opportunities such as Global Summits are major benefits of being an active MVP,
I think that the opportunities to convert development tools into Korean or participate directly in the improvement of Docs documentation translation quality are other great benefits.
Finally, despite the fact that .NET is a wonderful
ecosystem, the South Korean .NET market is relatively poor compared to other countries and good quality documentation is lacking.
If I
had just one small wish as a developer, it would be for the documentation to be helpful so that many people could easily master development skills. I hope that the .NET base in South Korea expands and the .NET market soon blossoms.
Thank you.